---
created_at: 2012-08-15 
kind: article
publish: true
title: "Pow Wow"
---

How can a flat-organized guild of self-managed web warriors and travelers like Nukomeet collectively learn from the past, define their future and strengthen their bonds at the same time ?


We do like the wise old tribes of north America do : we meet under the sky by calling for a POW WOW. 
Our pow wows are a special moment when we can remember and celebrate our past victories, discuss our defeats, and define our new goals and visions, while sharing drinks and enjoying.


Initially meaning spiritual leader, the pow wow is the opportunity for us to discuss essential questions of our projects, our organization and our way of life as well as shaping our totems and invoking benevolent spirits. Around a table in a nice place with fresh maté or warm coffee, we adress successively the different subjects we identified since the last pow wow and solve them one after the other.

As trust, freedom, humor and good mood are at the basis of our meetings, the discussions just flow smoothly, nicely and efficiently, until creative solutions are brought to the table and unanimity is reached. As we like to recall to one another, the basis of our efficiency is our hapiness,  flexibility is the basis of our agility, and all our rules can be discussed, and actually are. 
Unlike the classical company model, we do not call for a pow wow on a regular basis, but when we agree that one would be useful and nice, avoiding useless and endless meetings that happen just because they were planned. 


As a team of independant travellers, our pow wows are also a rare occasion to be united offline and just share a nice time together, eating bison meat from our past hunts and sharing a calumet. Just like the traditional gatherings, we usually consecrate the structuring decisions we took earlier partying and dancing around totems with feathers in our hair.

Well, at least that's how it feels.



